strange skeleton unearthed Russia's
Stonehenge II elongated head was
probably bound out of tribal tradition
2,000 years ago skeleton with long skull
was unearthed in our came central Russia
it's thought to belong to a woman living
almost 2,000 years ago her skull is
elongated because it was bound out of
tribal tradition r came is known as
Russia's stone hinge because it may have
been used by ancient people to study the
stars like the British site a skeleton
with an unusual shaped skull has been
unearthed on a site known as Russia's
stone hinge when images of the remains
were first published UFO enthusiasts
rushed to claim they were proof that
aliens had once visited earth but
archaeologists have revealed that the
bones belonged to a woman who lived
almost 2,000 years ago and had an
elongated skull because it was bound out
of tribal tradition researcher Mario
maker oovoo has confirmed to the Russian
news agency Tass single quote w/e have
found a well-preserved skeleton it would
not exclude the possibility that the
skeleton belongs to a woman from the
Santee tribe that lived in the
territories of what is not modern-day
Ukraine Kazakhstan and southern Russia a
skull was elongated because the tribe
did so by tying up the heads of their
children with rope it was clearly a
tradition in the tribe she declined to
comment on speculation it was attributed
to alien visitors saying that currently
they were still working on theories as
to why the tribe had the tradition but
had nothing fixed yet as a reason the
skeleton is thought today to the second
or third century AD making a
considerably younger than the site it is
just another of the mysteries to be
unearthed to the spectacular sight of
our came known as Russia's stone hinge
which is believed to have been built in
the 17th century BC
it is believed by some back like it's
5,000 year old English counterpart it
was used to study of the stars badar
came is thought to be more advanced
stone hinge allows for observations of
10 astronomical phenomena using 22
elements while our came enables
observations of 18 phenomena using 30
elements this means that ancient people
could have observed untracked certain
events in the sky by using the site in
certain ways from particular positions
and the dark aim often more observable
events than stonehenge please subscribe
to us on YouTube Facebook and Twitter
you can visit us on WWE real thing mint
webs com